Functionality
1 When a new todo task is submitted from the form, a new todo card should be appended to the list.
1 Clicking on a todo card should visually mark the card as done. Exactly how is up to you.
1 A remove-button on cards marked as 'done'. When the button is clicked, the card is removed from the board.
1 Move the cards marked as 'done' to the bottom of the list.
1 persists state on refresh (in localstorage)
1 no console errors
1 responsive
1 visually appealing and good ux (adds todo on enter, clears form on enter)
1 persists state on refresh (localstorage)

JS
1 modular (basically no large monster functions)
1 consistent use of ES Next (e.g using array functions)
1 pretty and readable code (consistent and self documenting naming, structure etc)
1 keeps state in object, render view based on this state


HTML/CSS
1 semantic html (e.g use form element)
1 resetting/normalizing (or sensible defaults for elements)
1 css is structured in a scalable and reusable manner
1 consistent naming (e.g. don't mix camel case & hyphens)


I sent comments to everyone, picking sentences from this template:

hi, i just had a look at your todo-app!

the code looks good, small single purpose functions with descriptive names.
would like to see somewhat more descriptive variable and function names
some functions are still too large.
everything is happening in one, big function, which is not very modular.
maybe you could make use of template strings instead of creating each element one at a time.
nice use of template strings.
you're not keeping a state separate from the dom.
the DOM is rendered based on a state - nice.
notice that you have just added the state as an extra layer, but the dom is not dependent on it.
found a couple of linting errors!
no linting errors.

tips:
try too base the dom of the state object, for example by having a render function that runs each time the state changes.
in localstorage: store the todos as a JS-object, not a string containing html.
when rendering all items it is better to do only one dom-manipulation instead of one for each item.
use forEach when iterating over an array.
also, remember to remove commented code.
also, remember to remove console logs.
